The great challenge before us is to create standards which protect the
consumer while allowing for innovations and technology growth.

The model for regulation that we are attempting to work with the
Securities and Futures Commission to create are akin to fire codes,
building codes, and food safety standards for restaurants.  One common
aspect of these types of regulations is that fire codes, building
codes, and food safety standards have been designed to allow small
businesses to comply with these standards, and in fact creating safety
codes in fact have the affect of promoting the growth of small
businesses and commerce.



We note that the question of how to regulate virtual asset trading
platforms is an open and complex question.  We have noted that the
Securities Futures Commission prefers to take a conservative approach
to regulation and prefers to use existing standards and practices
which are tested.  However, this does not resolve the situation
because SFC has different licenses with fundamentally different
philosophies.

\section{The Regulatory model}

\subsection{Rule based compliance model}

The danger of a rules based compliance model is that we may end up in
a situation where there are hundreds of pages of rules which are
followed for the sake of following rules, and that these rules may end
up detached from the rational society objectives of these rules.  

\subsection{Principles-based dialogue model}

We believe that the SFC understands the limitations of a rule-based
compliance model, and is interested in a principles-based dialogue
model in which the regulators work with the industry in order

However the issue with regulation based on principles is that one may
then ask what the principles of the regulation are.


\section{Focus of regulation}

Means and ends / Relevance to the SFC / Ability of regulation to 
\begin{landscape}
\thispagestyle{empty} % Remove page number from the landscape page

\begin{table}[htbp]
  \centering
  \caption{Regulator Objectives}
  \begin{tabularx}{\linewidth}{|X|X|X|X|}
    \hline
    \textbf{Regulatory objective} & \textbf{Means versus ends} & \textbf{Role of SFC to regulate} & \textbf{Ability of SFC to regulate} \\
    \hline
    Investor asset protection & SFO Cap 571(4)(c) & Data 2 & Data 3 \\
    \hline
    National security & BL Article 1 & Data 4  & Data 5\\
    \hline
    Jobs and economic prosperity & Data 3 & Data 4  & Data 5\\
    \hline
    Social stability & Data 3 & Data 4  & Data 5\\
    \hline
    Technology innovation & BL Article 118 & Data 4  & Data 5\\
    \hline
    Market stability & Data 3 & Data 4  & Data 5\\
    \hline
    AML/KYC & Data 3 & Data 4  & Data 5\\
    \hline
    Investor suitability protection & SFO Cap 571(4)(a) & Data 4  & Data 5\\
  \end{tabularx}
\end{table}

\end{landscape}

\section{Models for SFC regulation}

\subsection{Public regulated monopoly model (Exchange license)}
One possible model for SFC regulation is the model of the Hong Kong
Exchange.  Initally the Hong Kong market for stock exchanges consisted
of four exchanges which were merged in the 1980s and combined with the
Hong Kong Futures Exchange.  HKEx currently maintains an effective
monopoly on securities and futures trading in Hong Kong.

The creation of an regulated monopoly or oligopoly with high barriers
is also present in other industries

Simply impossible.  HKEx is able to maintain a monopoly on securities
business because the HK Securities Clearing Company Limited is the
only company which can clear and settle securities trades in Hong Kong
using Hong Kong dollar.  


\subsection{Technical standards model (Type 7)}

Another model for SFC regulation is the technical standards model
which is typified by regulation of automated trading systems.  In type
7 licensing SFC focuses on insuring that operators maintain high
standards of service and reliability and avoid from trades that create
conflict of interest.

Here to the ability of the SFC to regulate the market is limited by
technology.  Because Hong Kong securities are limited to clearing and
settlement on the HKEx, any automated trading system must be built on
top of these systems which requirements

1) Decentralized, which allows distributed clearing and settlement.
Second, for many highly traded tokens, list on multiple exchanges
making the reliability on one exchange less important.

\subsection{Brokerage model (Type 1)
The most appropriate model which we believe for the exchanges is a
type 1 brokerage model. We note that Hong Kong has issed ****
brokerage licenses and that the barriers to entry to operate a new
brokerage are not excessively high.


\subsection{Investment advisor and fund model (Type 4 and 9)}
Finally we wish to bring up type 4 and type 9 licensing./


\section{Business models}

\subsection{Internet platform model}

One business model which we was popular in the 2010s which we believe
is unsustainable is the internet platform model.  In the internet
platform model, a company is financed by venture capital to grab as
much market share as possible even if the company operates at a loss.
The belief is that once the company reaches a dominate market
position, it will then be able to operate at a profit and investors
will be able to recoup their investment.  This model has been highly
successful with internet companies such as Google and Facebook, and
has been the basis for models such as Uber or delivery services.

However, we believe that the internet platform model with respect to
exchanges is unsustainable.  We note that although there has been
market consolidation, that the nature of the coins makes it difficult
to create adequate returns based in exchanges.





\subsection{Professional services}

Another business model which is relevant to the discussion of is the
professional services model.  In this model there is a lucrative
generation of profits which creates a demand for professional
services.

However, we believe this model is unsustainable.  In order for a
professional services ecosystem to exist there must be some extra
surplus that is

Because it is now easy to move from one jurisdiction to another

\subsection{Restaurant ecosystem model}

\section{Safety standards models}

Given that we believe that primary goal of SFC regulation should be
investor asset protection, and given that we believe that the primary
philosophy of regulation should be a restaurant health and safety
model, we can describe how we have designed our systems.

Just as a ethical restaurant has both a business and a moral interest
in making sure that their customers are not ill from their food, we
consider it an essential part of our business do do the right thing,
based on past experience.

The design of these safety standards

* FTX
* 3 Arrow Capital
* Silicon Valley Bank
* Lehman Mini-bonds
* Hong Kong Merchantile Exchange
* hacks of bitcoin exchnages

Furthermore in designing a regulatory system we are particularly
concerned to avoid a situation where the regulation does not in fact
protect the consumer and becomes a hinderance to economic growth.  We
are particularly concerned at avoiding a "license raj" and to prevent
regulatory capture.  We are extremely concerned that regulations will
have the effect of creating extremely high barriers to entry that will
prevent small businesses from competing in the market and allowing for
only large companies with large amounts of capital to be regulated.
These large companies will then lobby for regulations whose effect is
to prevent other companies from competing.

The inevitable result of this situation is that when regulations are
focused at creating a cartel rather than consumer protection or
financial stability is an economic crisis when the regulations that
exist do not protect the consumer.

The main lesson that we believe to have been taught by FTX, 3 Arrow
Capital, and Lehman mini-bonds is the need to have clear ownership.  A
virtual asset trading company has three types of assets and three 
different stakeholders.

\begin{itemize}
\item assets owned by the client
\item assets owned by the business
\item assets owned by the persons running the business
\end{itemize}

In the FTX debacle, it was and still unclear which assets were owned
by clients, which assets were owned by FTX, which assets were owned by
Alameda Capital, and which assets were owned by Sam Bankman-Fried.
Similar confusing in asset ownership occured in the 3 Arrow Capital
situation and the Lehman Mini-bonds   The result of the consuming is
that the principals in the company then move client money into their
own pocket, and because this is other peoples money, they they have
the capital to undertake reckless and 

The design of the company is set up so that on day one there is a
clear division betwee
